Changes for k6 v0.29.0 (#144)
loadimpact/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/01 guides/02 Using k6/05 Options.md

| [Insecure Skip TLS Verify](#insecure-skip-tls-verify)     | A boolean specifying whether should ignore TLS verifications for VU connections     |
| [Iterations](#iterations)                                 | A number specifying a fixed number of iterations to execute of the script           |
| [Linger](#linger)                                         | A boolean specifying whether k6 should linger around after test run completion      |

> | [Local IPs](#local-ips)                                   | A list of IPs,IP ranges and CIDRs from which VUs will make requests                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Local IPs](#local-ips)                                   | A list of local IPs, IP ranges, and CIDRs from which VUs will make requests                 |
```

</CodeGroup>

### Block Hostnames

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> _New in v0.29.0_

```

</CodeGroup>

### DNS

> _New in v0.29.0_

This is a composite option that provides control of DNS resolution behavior with

> configuration for cache expiration (TTL), IP selection strategy and IP version

Reviewer 2: Should we clarify that this has no relation to the real TTL in the DNS record, and that we're considering a new resolver implementation, or it's not worth mentioning?

Reviewer: Yes, I think we should mention that k6 doesn't respect the actual TTL value yet.

Reviewer 2: Resolved by a9189d1?

This is a composite option that provides control of DNS resolution behavior with
configuration for cache expiration (TTL), IP selection strategy and IP version
preference.

Note that DNS resolution is done only on new HTTP connections, and by default k6
will try to reuse connections if HTTP keep-alive is supported. To force a certain
DNS behavior consider enabling the [`noConnectionReuse`](#no-connection-reuse)
option in your tests.

| Env      | CLI     | Code / Config file | Default                                  |
| ---------| --------| -------------------| ---------------------------------------- |
| `K6_DNS` | `--dns` | `dns`              | `ttl=5m,select=random,policy=preferIPv4` |

Possible `ttl` values are:
- `0`: no caching at all - each request will trigger a new DNS lookup.
- `inf`: cache any resolved IPs for the duration of the test run.
- any time duration like `60s`, `5m30s`, `10m`, `2h`, etc.; if no unit is specified (e.g. `ttl=3000`), k6 assumes milliseconds.

Possible `select` values are:
- `first`: always pick the first resolved IP.
- `random`: pick a random IP for every new connection.
- `roundRobin`: iterate sequentially over the resolved IPs.

> Possible `policy` values are:
> - `preferIPv4`: return an IPv4 address if available, otherwise fall back to IPv6.
> - `preferIPv6`: return an IPv6 address if available, otherwise fall back to IPv4.
> - `onlyIPv4`: only use IPv4 addresses even if an IPv6 address is returned.
> - `onlyIPv6`: only use IPv6 addresses even if an IPv4 address is returned.
> - `any`: no preference, return any address.
> 

Reviewer: "return" is misleading - it makes sense from the k6 code perspective, but not from a k6 user perspective.

```suggestion
Possible `policy` values are:
- `preferIPv4`: use IPv4 addresses, if available, otherwise fall back to IPv6.
- `preferIPv6`: use IPv6 addresses, if available, otherwise fall back to IPv4.
- `onlyIPv4`: only use IPv4 addresses, ignore any IPv6 ones.
- `onlyIPv6`: only use IPv6 addresses, ignore any IPv4 ones.
- `any`: no preference, use all addresses.

```

Here are some configuration examples:

```bash

> k6 run --dns "ttl=inf,select=first,policy=any" script.js # this is the old k6 behavior
> K6_DNS="ttl=5m,select=random,policy=preferIPv4" k6 cloud script.js # new default behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 run --dns "ttl=inf,select=first,policy=any" script.js # the old k6 behavior before v0.29.0
K6_DNS="ttl=5m,select=random,policy=preferIPv4" k6 cloud script.js # new default behavior from v0.29.0
```

</CodeGroup>

### Local IPs

A list of IPs, IP ranges and CIDRs from which VUs will make requests. The IPs will be sequentially
given out to VUs. This option doesn't change anything on the OS level so the IPs need to be already
configured on the OS level in order for k6 to be able to use them. Also IPv4 CIDRs with more than 2
IPs don't include the first and last IP as they are reserved for referring to the network itself and
the broadcast address respectively.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This option can be used for splitting the network traffic from k6 between multiple network cards, thus potentially increasing the available network throughput. For example, if you have 2 NICs, you can run k6 with `--local-ips="<IP-from-first-NIC-1>,<IP-from-first-NIC-2>"` to balance the traffic equally between them - half of the VUs will use the first IP and the other half will use the second. This can scale to any number of NICs, and you can repeat some local IPs to give them more traffic. For example, `--local-ips="<IP1>,<IP2>,<IP3>,<IP3>"` will split VUs between 3 different source IPs in a 25%:25%:50% ratio.

```

It also might be a good idea to add a paragraph about this in https://k6.io/docs/testing-guides/running-large-tests

Author: Maybe just link it in see also? as otherwise it will require to test it and show a difference in performance which we might not have time for
